Good morning, everyone, and welcome. Thank you very much for coming and thank you.
Again, as we all know, this is our annual Dzogki Retreat.
After Dzogki Retreat, our summertime in the beautiful land, our Dzogki Retreat Center,
being very renewing, re-energetic, reconnecting, and re-dippening our practices all the time
between one of the very beautiful times that we are gathering,
I think we are young to sing the song by a great master in the union
and see the good three summer seasons.
I don't know exactly all the word in our own English, you can't translate it that.
But it says three summer seasons, gathering together, seeing the beautiful things,
even we don't have to visualize, is it something very beautiful, a blessed, what's called exalted
places?
Exalted something. His beauty is truly his being.
And Padma Samye Ling is one of the beautiful places on this planet.
It has totally beautiful beauties of natural beauty.
And above that, there are so many blessings and relics of the Buddha, Dharma, Sangha, Guru Deva and
Dzogki.
By all of us, together, with love, with compassion, with wisdom, we build this monument.
It is glowing, it is shimmering, it is vibrating, it is sizzling.
It is really life. It is a beautiful breakfast spot.
And we are all here in these beautiful places.
These come so beautifully without burdens, difficulties, troubles, hardship,
so many kind of agony things one after another.
Therefore, it is a simultaneously developed, glory-inconceivable lotus of land.
And that's what we are all here today, again.
And we are renewing, re-energizing our practices.
This year, we changed the teaching, as all of you know, the situation and circumstances.
This year has been one of the very profound teachings, many levels to all of us.
We heard the teaching many times, times, and some really also be practiced theoretically.
But this year has been one of the, again, strong lessons and teachings that Buddha and Gurga Masam
have,
they need a master's tool.
And, again, many of you may be received these peaceful, radical practices of the Karmalupa,
or many other great masters.
But today, again, we are reconnecting that profound, very powerful, profound teaching,
as this year, we are reconnecting something really very deep, deep in stone.
And in one way, we lost something we all love dearly.
But on the other hand, it really created such a profound, in fact,
and kind of deepened into the spiritual, our value, and iconic quality,
and that what we all talk, think, in brain, but today, it's kind of observing the heart.
So it is a very kind of profound and beautiful time of all of us.
And this time, then we progress to the original teaching,
or kind of let the renew of our understanding of the peaceful, radical duty practices,
as we have this short sadness, that's what we're trying to follow.
And the same time we practice this every day, 49 days, as many of you all know,
and you heard this as offering to great master, K.G. Bali Shira.
And as well as also in the open teaching said, great masters,
when they also entered Mahaparinarana, is good through the practices.
It was deep named our practice, our meditation,
and not just to ours, but also it really can benefit to many levels,
the beings by these practices when we do this.
And this is what we are doing.
And also, as the teaching said, it's good to do practices.
Also, even as great masters, there's many different kind of like samaya,
like connections, and the blockages, and so forth, connected with the student.
And that sometimes, almost there will be kind of like hindrance and blockage
to moving forward to those great masters, their realization, moving apart.
So we practice such a lot of meritorious activities that will help to also
to continually move forward the great inspiration of the great masters.
And the same time to us, to all the beings.
So all those contracts, multiple levels, multiple purposes,
we practice this 49 days, and it's been wonderful.
And from the world, we practice it, from India to Russia, all the way here.
And many other, also other Dharma centers that were connected to us,
and they've kindly, very kind of beautiful, supported their practice
in meditating in the name and honor to the Kingdom of India.
Many centers emailed us and told us that.
So it's a kind of very, very special time to practice it.
So now, those are the general kind of ideas, and I'm again so grateful
and thankful for all of you, your support, your kindness, your compassion
to all these times. It's not just to me, but to all of us.
And one way again, we all love to same person as great teacher,
great master, great friend, great guidance,
and very beautiful, simple friend who plays with us, yoga with us,
and with many kind of almost, what's called, simple kind of like village,
child style, that jogs with us. That's what's really, and one way we're missing this.
But however, again, it's something very profound, teaching lesson
that we received in our heart, in mind, that that was there,
and that was really juvenile, and it has become what's called manual,
to grow our realization and the growth of that.
Manuals are not always so pleasing, I think.
The subject may be miracle growth.
That is miracle, but otherwise, manuals are not so pleasing.
But it's very strong in faith, it helps to grow.
And similarly, this time, it's been one of the strong manual for us,
organic manual, that really stands in our practice and meditation.
So this is what we have.
And now, we're talking about what we're practicing here.
And this is the physical right for the practices, as like introduction.
And tomorrow, I'm going to offer also the involvement of the turma, black turma,
according to the teachings and lineage of the taxon nampa,
as well as his new nampa, combined target.
That was him who told me that last time, that he's planning to do that.
That's what he said.
So I try to do as much as my capabilities to kind of continue to reactivate
and to keep his legacy.
And not just me, that's all of our struggle.
And that's the purpose of the practice, resilient teaching.
So that's what I will do tomorrow, the involvement of the black turma.
But this time, we are practicing the chit-o.
Now, about the chit-o practices, chit-o is, of course,
one of the great teachings of the nimma schools,
the great Buddhism, is teaching of the nirvana sambha.
Teaching of the nirvana sambha.
And then, in nirvana teaching, often you heard so many times,
it's called kama teaching and dharma teaching.
This is dharma teaching.
Generally, nimma teaching is a kutudu.
It passes through three lineage systems.
Those are known as mind-to-mind realization, transmission lineage,
and then the symbolic transmission lineage,
and then oral transmission lineage.
And so those are the generally nimma teachings
that are combined with both kama and dharma teachings.
Then dharma teaching is something again special.
Maybe we'll talk this more about it in the teaching itself.
I think it has all those things, so we're going to do that.
But this is dharma teachings.
Dharma teaching is something very, very special, as you all know.
It is very direct teachings from the Gaurabhama sambha,
Vasiram Dakini Shinsoja, to that dharma,
whoever reversed that dharma by that teaching.
That dharma, because it's direct, therefore it is very fresh teaching.
There is not much dilute by the conceptions.
It's from Gaurabhama sambha, his own world, and Vasiram Dakini Shinsoja.
His own and left, or maybe her own also teaching,
and then to that dharma.
That dharma, therefore openly named,
it has the warmth of the breath of Dakini's teaching.
So it's so fresh, it's so light.
It's just the same as broadcasting right that moment to you,
from the Vemma sambha, to you, to our A, to our A.
Therefore, it is considered very, very special dharma teaching.
Then there are also many peaceful rathas,
who have practiced to many great dharma sambha in the world.
Many great dharma sambhas,
but among all those great dharma sambha,
there are peaceful rathas teaching, or the shuttle teaching.
The dharma namba teaching is very powerful and extended, very true.